Adds NER NLP end-to-end example (#2226)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/nlp/ml-nlp-shared.asciidoc

tag::nlp-eland-clone-docker-build[]
You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model. Eland 

> commands can be ran via Docker. First, you need to clone the Eland repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commands can be run in Docker. First, you need to clone the Eland repository 
```

then create a Docker image of Eland:

[source,shell]
--------------------------------------------------
git clone git@github.com:elastic/eland.git
cd eland
docker build -t elastic/eland .
--------------------------------------------------

> After the script finished, your Eland Docker client is ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the script finishes, your Eland Docker client is ready to use.
```

end::nlp-eland-clone-docker-build[]

tag::nlp-requirements[]
To follow along the process on this page, you must have:

* an {es} cluster that is set up properly to use the {ml-features}. Refer to 

> <<setup>>.

Reviewer: Since the eland commands assume you're using a Cloud environment, that might be worth mentioning here too.

* The {subscriptions}[appropriate subscription] level or the free trial period 
activated.

* https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/[Docker] installed.
end::nlp-requirements[]

tag::nlp-start[]
Since the `--start` option is used at the end of the Eland import command, {es} 
deploys the model to all available {ml} nodes and load the model in memory. If 
you have multiple models and want to select which model to deploy, you can use 

> the **{ml-app} > Model Management** user interface in {kib} to manage the start 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the **{ml-app} > Model Management** user interface in {kib} to manage the starting 
```

and stopping of models.
end::nlp-start[]

tag::nlp-sync[]

> Go to the **{ml-app} > Trained Models** page and synchroinze your trained 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the **{ml-app} > Trained Models** page and synchronize your trained 
```

> models. A warning message is displayed at the top of the page that says 

Reviewer: > A warning message...

I think the last time I played with this, it automatically synched for me after a certain interval.  For that reason, I worded it like this in the Deploy models page: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/machine-learning/current/ml-nlp-deploy-models.html#ml-nlp-deploy-model

Reviewer 2: The ML app syncs automatically once an hour. It's like waiting for a bus sometimes you get lucky and one arrives straight away

_"ML job and trained model synchronization required"_. Follow the link to 

> _"Synchronize your jobs and trained models."_ Then click **Syncronize**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_"Synchronize your jobs and trained models."_ Then click **Synchronize**.
```

docker build -t elastic/eland .
--------------------------------------------------

After the script finishes, your Eland Docker client is ready to use.
end::nlp-eland-clone-docker-build[]

tag::nlp-requirements[]
To follow along the process on this page, you must have:

* an {es} Cloud cluster that is set up properly to use the {ml-features}. Refer 
to <<setup>>.

* The {subscriptions}[appropriate subscription] level or the free trial period 
activated.

* https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/[Docker] installed.
end::nlp-requirements[]

tag::nlp-start[]
Since the `--start` option is used at the end of the Eland import command, {es} 
deploys the model ready to use. If you have multiple models and want to select 
which model to deploy, you can use the **{ml-app} > Model Management** user 
interface in {kib} to manage the starting and stopping of models.
end::nlp-start[]

tag::nlp-sync[]
Go to the **{ml-app} > Trained Models** page and synchronize your trained 
models. A warning message is displayed at the top of the page that says 
_"ML job and trained model synchronization required"_. Follow the link to 
_"Synchronize your jobs and trained models."_ Then click **Synchronize**. You 

> can also wait for the automatic synchronization that occures in every hour, or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also wait for the automatic synchronization that occurs in every hour, or 
```
